I want to see how hard your tea set is.
Isn't it just a street stall product?
It breaks when it falls.
It's really a waste of natural resources.
I have such a good tea set hum
I was smashed by a blind ass like you.
Now you smashed my tea set, you have to pay for it
Why do you want me to compensate you?
Is 100 yuan enough?
How much do you want?
How much money do I give you?
several thousand
Hum 10,000
100 million
100 million is your broken tea set worth 100 million
How come Mr. Chen can't even come up with 100 million?
I'll accompany you. Your broken tea set is worth 100 million.
What if it's really worth 100 million?
If it's really worth 100 million
I ate this fragment.
This is what you said
Um
Although my tea set looks ordinary
It is the tea set used by Emperor Qianlong of the Qing Dynasty
Emperor Qianlong of the Qing Dynasty
I don't even need to beg
Fortunately, I have seen more of the world than you.
Brat
Uh-huh
Ah, I can tell if it's a human or a ghost by just scanning it